docs/src/hpm.md, before:

# Package Manager
Hascal has a built-in package manager that allows you to install packages from the a git repository.

## Installing a package
To get and install a package, you can use the `get` command :
```
hascal get <git url> <package name>
```
- `<git url>` is the url of the git repository
- `<package name>` is the name of the package(optional, recommended, default is the url)

Note: If you don't specify the package name, you should import it like this :
```typescript
use github.com.foo.bar
```


## Updating a package
To update a package, you can use the `update` command :
```
hascal update <package name ot git url>
```

## Listing packages
To list all packages, you can use the `list` command :
```
hascal list
```

if you want to list all subpackages of a package, you can use the `list` command with name of the package :
```
hascal list <package name>
```
- `<package name>` is the name of the package you want to list subpackages

For example :
```
$ hascal list crypto
list of all subpackages in crypto :
- sha256
```

Commit message:

rebrand from hascal to sacalon

docs/src/hpm.md, after:

# Package Manager
Sacalon has a built-in package manager that allows you to install packages from the a git repository.

## Installing a package
To get and install a package, you can use the `get` command :
```
sacalon get <git url> <package name>
```
- `<git url>` is the url of the git repository
- `<package name>` is the name of the package(optional, recommended, default is the url)

Note: If you don't specify the package name, you should import it like this :
```typescript
use github.com.foo.bar
```


## Updating a package
To update a package, you can use the `update` command :
```
sacalon update <package name ot git url>
```

## Listing packages
To list all packages, you can use the `list` command :
```
sacalon list
```

if you want to list all subpackages of a package, you can use the `list` command with name of the package :
```
sacalon list <package name>
```
- `<package name>` is the name of the package you want to list subpackages

For example :
```
$ sacalon list crypto
list of all subpackages in crypto :
- sha256
```
